Update DG (#283)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T17-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Filter Feature

The `filter` command allows users to filter the list of companies based on the valid application status. 

#### Implementation

> The `filter` command uses a new predicate, `ApplicationStatusPredicate`, which tests and returns true if a company's application status matches the application status input specified by the user. The `ApplicationStatusPredicate` class implements the `Predicate` interface, which allows it to be used in the `Model` interface's `updateFilteredCompanyList(Predicate<Company> predicate)` method to filter the list of companies. All companies that match the application status input will be displayed in the updated `CompanyListPanel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `filter` command uses a new predicate, `ApplicationStatusPredicate`, which tests and returns true if a company's application status matches the application status input specified by the user. The `ApplicationStatusPredicate` class implements the `Predicate` interface, which allows it to be used in the `Model#updateFilteredCompanyList(Predicate<Company> predicate)` method to filter the list of companies. All companies that match the application status input will be displayed in the updated `CompanyListPanel`.
```

    - Cons: Remarks may be accidentally deleted by empty input.

### Add Feature
The `add` command allows users to add companies into LinkMeIn. 

#### Implementation
The `add` feature is implemented using the `AddCommand` class. The `AddCommand` object takes in a `Company` object. Only if all the inputs for the parameters are valid and all compulsory parameters are present, then the `Company` object is created.

> The `add` feature includes the following operations in `ModelManager`, which is implemented by the `Model` interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `add` feature includes the following operations in `ModelManager`, which implements the `Model` interface:
```
Model is the superclass of ModelManager

The lifeline for `AddCommandParser` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

> The following activity diagram shows what happens when a `user` execute the `add` command.

Reviewer 2: wait is there a need for user to be `user` instead of user

Author: oh yes, my mistake will fix it thanks
